Hey everyone, welcome to this section.
Here we will be going over a super
brief introduction to what Fastboot is.
>> A Fastboot is a protocol used to
essentially modify a flash file system
from a PC to some Android device utilizing
a USB connection or a serial connection.
And actually Fastboot's this really really
nice protocol cause it actually makes
flashing very very easy, however it's also
a little dangerous because of how easy
it is to flash files onto your
flash file on your android device.
>> And you don't have to worry about
downloading Fastboot if you already have
Android STK installed because
it comes bundled with it and
in the next section we'll show you how
to boot the board into Fastboot so
that you're able to use the Fastboot
commands on your host PC.
We'll see you then.